How would you thoroughly test your modelling and queries to ensure faith in the resulting data? 
	
	By comparing aggregrations of data from queries used in the tasks (or slight modifications of those queries) 
	with aggregrations of the deduped datasets. 
	For example, comparing the sum of the total visits in task 2 (without limiting to 10 rows) against the number of rows in the deduped events dataset.
	Also, taking small subsets of data (such as events associated with a given cookie_id) from the original dataset and following it through each step to 
	ensure it is processed and accounted for as expected.

How would you adjust your approach for incremental processing?

	Rather than using views for the sessionised events, for example, run that process once and insert the output into a table with a 
	'processed_at' timestamp column noting when the new rows were processed. Then when new data is available in the source dataset, only apply the logic
	and merge into the output table for those rows which have a schedule_tstamp or extracted_at value which is later than the max 'processed_at' timestamp.

Assuming that many of our users have multiple devices and some users will share their devices with other family members, how would you use the cookie_id field in conjunction with the member_id field to improve our understanding of customer journeys?

	Since a cookie_id (assuming the cookies aren't cleared/deleted) can be used to identify a device, we could analyse cases where
	a given cookie_id is associated with events from multiple unique member_ids to get a picture of cases where a single device is shared by
	multiple signed-up users, and if the potential context implications (such as more communal, family environments) affect outcomes such as
	conversion rate, etc. 
	Similarly, cases when a single member_id has events associated with multiple unique cookie_ids can be analysed, and this implies the user
	either uses multiple devices or tends to clear their browser cookies. Additional data would be required to identify the specifics, but
	either way this would have implications regarding potential tech savviness, etc.